readme.md, before:

# Introduction to Python and SQL

This series of materials is designed to facilitate a three day workshop where students learn the very basics of SQL and Python. At the end of the workshop students will combine the two languages in order query data from SQL then use Python to make charts and perform some basic statistical analysis in Python.

The workshop is fast paced, as such there will be much left to learn about SQL and Python. This is very much a class that gives students "enough knowledge to be dangerous," rather than a complete treatment of the fundamentals of each language.

## Using These Materials

The order of the content is as follows:

1. `examples/install_postgres.md`
2. The slides, and the exercises associated with them.
3. The remaining files in `examples` in order.
    * After operators, there is an exercise.
    * After dictionaries there is an exercise.
    * After functions there is an exercise.
    * After pandas/matplotlib there is an exercise.
4. Time permitting, have the students work on [this longer exercise](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FVskrRMMz8qLCN1EJ4_yAQxGlVXu0ByA25jkVWWy-kE/edit#heading=h.ut50exrbqodb)

## Installing Python Dependencies

The minimal and simplest way to do this is:

```
pip install pandas numpy sqlalchemy psycopg2-binary jupyter matplotlib
```

Time permitting or depending on the students familiarity with the relevant topics, you may wish for them to create virtual environments.

Commit message:

code shuffle, removed pipenv stuff, added a section about venv and dependency management, and finalized the python with SQL content.

readme.md, after:

# Introduction to Python and SQL

This series of materials is designed to facilitate a three day workshop where students learn the very basics of SQL and Python. At the end of the workshop students will combine the two languages in order query data from SQL then use Python to make charts and perform some basic statistical analysis in Python.

The workshop is fast paced, as such there will be much left to learn about SQL and Python. This is very much a class that gives students "enough knowledge to be dangerous," rather than a complete treatment of the fundamentals of each language.

## Using These Materials

The order of the content is as follows:

1. `examples/install_postgres.md`
2. The slides, and the exercises associated with them.
3. The remaining files in `examples` in order.
    * After operators, there is an exercise.
    * After dictionaries there is an exercise.
    * After functions there is an exercise.
    * After pandas/matplotlib there is an exercise.
4. Time permitting, have the students work on [this longer exercise](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FVskrRMMz8qLCN1EJ4_yAQxGlVXu0ByA25jkVWWy-kE/edit#heading=h.ut50exrbqodb)

## Installing Python Dependencies

The minimal and simplest way to do this is:

```
pip install pandas numpy sqlalchemy psycopg2-binary jupyter matplotlib
```

Time permitting or depending on the students familiarity with the relevant topics, you may wish for them to create virtual environments. A walkthrough on creating a virtual environment using Python 3.4+'s `venv` package is included in section `03-python-and-sql`
